August2020 updates (#13)
b2io/handbook: exiting.md

### Resignation

> When leaving Base Two, please provide a signed letter of resignation, or email your supervisor letting them know that you will be leaving your position and when your last day will be. Please give as much notice as possible, as it's the nice thing to do. Your last day cannot be a vacation day, sick day, personal day, or holiday. Please make arrantements to return all Base Two property including laptops and peripherals, office keys, or any other equiptment before your last day.

Reviewer: Typos
```suggestion
When leaving Base Two, please provide a signed letter of resignation, or email your supervisor letting them know that you will be leaving your position and when your last day will be. Please give as much notice as possible, as it's the nice thing to do. Your last day cannot be a vacation day, sick day, personal day, or holiday. Please make arrangements to return all Base Two property including laptops and peripherals, office keys, or any other equipment before your last day.
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, working through these now, thanks!
